General Director Gu has helped me so many times without demanding return.
How can I use this kindness to ask him to find the sender?
Mathematics
You should say
She's awake.
They're getting married on the 16th of next month.
You want me to be a father.
He invited you too.
Yeah, but don't say no to me.
I'm a little tired.
Go home and rest.
Close the door when you leave.
Do you remember the snow?
It's really heartwarming.
Granny, be careful.
Actually, I'm fine.
Just been admitted to the hospital.
Don't be so careful.
The ground is slippery, or be careful to hold it.
Oh, boy.
Find some furniture for your grandmother's heart and put it down.
Grandmother, I've discussed resignation.
I want to wait for you to invite me to help you decide.
That's right.
The next 16 months were a good day.
We are ready to get married in time tomorrow.
Haha.
Come on.
Fast what?
Haven't you been looking for Ninh Ninh for 20 years?
Don t you want to find Ninh Ninh earlier to enter the door?